# Paper Results
This directory contains the actual results used in the [paper][om].

Each folder contains the following files:

- `data` directory: Contains CSV files generated by NPF as the output of experiments. We use them to create graphs.
- `.plt` files: Gnuplot scripts for plotting the figures.
- `.pdf` files: Actual results that are used in the [paper][om].

## Experiments:

The following list summarizes the scenario/experiment for the available results:

- `motivation/NFs`: Analyzes the impact of packets order on performance of two network functions (a NAT and a Firewall).

- `motivation/NFs chain`: Shows the impact of packets order on performance of a chain of NFs including a NAT, Firewall, Flow statistics tracker, and router.

- `motivation/linux_network_stack`: Shows the impact of packet spatial locality on the performance of an iperf server, with and without LRO.

- `motivation/ovs`: Shows the impact of spatial locality on the forwarding performance of OVS 2.13.9 using the Linux kernel v5.3 data path.

Note that, all experiments in the `motivation` directory are done with a synthetic trace file. 
However, in `Reframer` directory we show the impact of deploying our proposed Reframer on the performance of a NF chain.
In these experiments we used our campus trace file, which demonstrates a realistic network traffic. 

- `Reframer/off_chain`: Demonstrates the impact of deploying Reframer on a dedicated server in between the traffic generator and the server which is running a chain of NFs.

- `Reframer/in_chain`: Shows how Reframer improves the performance of the server when it is deployed on the same server with NFs chain.

- `Reframer/bluefield`: Shows the impact of Reframer when offloaded into a Smart NIC which precedes the NF chain.

- `Reframer/scalability`: Shows the maximum throughput of Reframer and DUT with different number of cores.

- `Reframer/sensitive_flows`: Compares the performance benefits when Reframer buffers only elephant flows versus buffering all flows regardless of their size.




[om]: https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi22/presentation/ghasemirahni
